.	.
,	,
₿	New Guaraní
€	Euro
₲	Guaraní
$	Dollar
de-DE	German
en-US	English
es-PY	Spanish
gn-PY	Guaraní
accept Lightning as a payment method	accept Lightning as a payment method
account	Account
account name:	Account name:
about @	about @
add new	Add new
all data has been deleted and/or reset to installation defaults	All data has been deleted and/or reset to installation defaults.
...and @ more orders	...and @ more orders
...and @ more orders totaling @	...and @ more orders totaling @
API admin or invoice/read key	API admin or invoice/read key
API auth token	API auth token
API bearer token	API bearer token
app development	app development
app development payments	app development payments
are you sure?	Are you sure?
back	back
barcode scanning	barcode scanning
base URL	Base URL
bill	INVOICE
business address	business address
business name	business name
business telephone	business telephone
camera selection	Camera selection
cash	cash
cash back amount	amount
cash register number	cash reg
cash tendered	cash tendered
cashier	cashier
change due	change due
city	city
coinos compatible	Coinos compatible
colors	colors
confirm	CONFIRM
currency	currency
currencies	currencies
current conversion	current conversion
customer bill	Customer Bill
danger zone	Danger zone
dark/light mode	Dark/light mode
dark mode	Dark mode
date	date
default vendor currency	currency for pricing items
default vendor currency (title)	currency for pricing
delete '@'?	Delete '@'?
delete all data	delete all data for all accounts
delete data	delete data
desc:(Ex)change outflow	When customers pay cash and receive their change via Lightning, this is where their change will come from.
desc:(Ex)change outflow:manual	When set to manual, the app prompts the user with a wallet icon. The user must then perform the Lightning transaction manually using any external wallet app.
desc:(Ex)change outflow:LNbits LNURLw compatible	Note: for this function an admin key must be supplied.
desc:invoice payments	This is where money will come from to pay customer Lightning invoices.
desc:invoice payments:manual	When set to manual, the app prompts the user with a wallet icon. The user must then perform the Lightning transaction manually using any external wallet app.
desc:invoice payments:LNbits compatible	Note: for this function an admin key must be supplied.
desc:sales income	This is where the proceeds of the sales will go when the customer pays via Lightning.
desc:sales income:manual	When set to manual, the app prompts the user with a wallet icon. The user must then perform the Lightning transaction manually using any external wallet app.
desc:sales income:LNbits compatible	Note: for this function the key only needs to grant read privileges.
desc:app development	This wallet will be used to pay the software developer(s) in accordance with the Satoshi Fairware License. See also the Software License settings.
desc:app development:manual	When set to manual, no automation is enabled. The user is responsible for ensuring compliance with the software license.
desc:app development:LNbits compatible	Note: for this function an admin key must be supplied.
desc:software license	This software is provided under the terms of the Satoshi Fairware License (below). Your use of the software constitutes your acceptance of the license. Under this license, you agree to pay a fair price to the developers of this open-source software in exchange for GPL-like rights.
desc:software license:ask	The suggested fair amount to pay the developers, in accordance with the license, is:
desc:software license:key	c>@ developers across @ users
desc:software license:key1	c>@ developer across @ users
desc:software license:how	How to pay the developers:
desc:software license:explain:1	As more users pay, your investment can be proportionally refunded.
desc:software license:explain:2	When you update to a newer version, you may be asked to pay again to cover the development cost of the new features.
desc:software license:invest:1	Investment is Fairware's signature option. You get rebated every time your fair share decreases!
desc:software license:make a grant:1	By making a grant, your contribution will reduce the fair share of other users by paying down developer costs.
desc:software license:donate:1	Donating to individual developers is the most private, no-strings-attached way to pay your fair share. It will not reduce anyone else's fair share.
disable cash payments	disable cash payments
Discard this invoice?	Discard this invoice?
enabled currencies	Enabled currencies
enabled payment methods	Enabled payment methods
enter	enter
enumerate change due	enumerate change due
(ex)change outflow	(Ex)change outflow
external	External
financial	financial
How would you like to pay?	How would you like to pay?
instant	INSTANT
invoice details	invoice details
invoice number	invoice #
invoice payments	invoice payments
invoice subtotal	subtotal
item	item
1 item	1 item
@ items	@ items
key	key
language	Language
layout	Layout
lic:1	c>SATOSHI, D.N.C. FAIRWARE LICENSE \n c>Version 1, January 4, 2024
lic:2	Copyright (C) 2024 Satoshi, D.N.C. <https://satoshidnc.com/> \n Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
lic:3	c>Preamble
lic:4	  The Satoshi Fairware License is patterned after the GNU AGPLv3 license with the express intention of adding a mechanism of fair compensation of open-source developers while otherwise offering the same provisions of that license.
lic:5	  When we speak of fair compensation, we imply a competitive market. This means developers are free to ask their price, and other parties are free to either forego use of the software, or pay the developer(s) in return for their work. Fair compensation is also meant to be fair to end users by dividing the development cost fairly among all and to exclude license fees, royalties, or other charges that are not part of the one-time cost of development.
lic:6	  Essentially, end users enter into this license by paying an equal share of the development cost, as detailed in Section 1. This grants the licensee all the rights and provisions under the terms of this license. No individual is granted provisions under this license unless they have paid their share, in which case their activities with respect to the software are unlicensed. This does not imply any specific limitations on unlicensed use or that any action will be taken against unlicensed end users, but it encourages end users to reward the developers in exchange for the protections and provisions granted herein. It does permit recourse against unlicensed parties for flagrant abuse.
lic:7	  In the spirit of goodwill, it is strongly recommended that software released under this license integrate features that assist and facilitate the licensing of the product by end users, in the ethos of helping the user do what he/she already wants to do, which is to participate in fairly rewarding the creators of the software they enjoy.
lic:8	  The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed to take away your freedom to share and change the works. By contrast, this license follows the spirit of other general public licenses that are intended to guarantee your freedom to share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free software for all its users, who share the cost of its development.
lic:9	  When the general public licenses speak of free software, they are referring to freedom, not price. This license is designed after the same pattern to make sure that you have the freedom to distribute copies of the software (and charge for them if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new programs, and that you know you can do these things.
lic:10	  Developers that use the Satoshi Fairware License protect your rights with two steps: (1) assert copyright on the software, and (2) offer you this License which gives you legal permission to copy, distribute and/or modify the software if and only if you have paid your fair share of the development cost. In this way, the interests of both parties are satisfied in a fair way.
lic:11	  A secondary benefit of defending paid users' freedom is that improvements made in alternate versions of the program, if they receive widespread use, become available for other developers to incorporate under the same terms, meaning developers who build upon Fairware are entitled to compensation for their improvements. Many developers of open software are heartened and encouraged by the resulting cooperation. This also applies in the case of software used on network servers, where a modified version is made and the public is given access to it on a server. Under this license, the source code must be released to the public and the users of such a system are required to participate in compensating the developers.
lic:12	  The Satoshi Fairware License is designed to ensure that, in such cases, not only does the modified source code become available to the community, but the community participates in the compensation of the developers. It requires the operator of a network server to provide the details necessary for the fair compensation to be made, as described in Section 1. Therefore, public use of a modified version, on a publicly accessible server, includes the public in the value exchange. This is a philosophy in decided contrast to the mentality that results in large-scale free services that are paid through indirect means that have a negative impact on users, such as the selling of users' data or the presentation of advertisements to users.
lic:13	  The Satoshi Fairware License is the first license of its kind. Although it builds heavily on the tradition of GNU AGPLv3, it is a different license, from a different publisher. Satoshi, D.N.C. has no affiliation with Affero, the publisher of the GNU AGPLv3 license.
lic:14	  The precise terms and conditions for compensating, copying, distribution and modification follow.
license number	license #
light mode	light mode
lightning invoice	lightning invoice
Lightning payments	Lightning payments
link a wallet	link a wallet
link to online store	link to online store
lnbc item description	PAYMENT OF LIGHNING INVOICE
LNbits compatible	LNbits compatible
LNbits LNURLw compatible	LNbits LNURLw compatible
LNURLw:note	Thank you for your business!
main currency	main currency
manual	manual
my business	My Business
new account	New account
new order	new order
new orders	new orders
@ new orders	@ new orders
@ new orders from @ stores	@ new orders from @ stores
no	NO
none	none
NostrMarket compatible	NostrMarket compatible
NostrMarket stall	NostrMarket stall
not set	Not set
only allow Lightning payments	only allow Lightning payments
orders	orders
pay {AMNT} sats for {DESC}	pay {AMNT} sats for {DESC}
pay {DESC} {AMNT} sats on {DATE}	pay {DESC} {AMNT} sats on {DATE}
payment	PAYMENT
payment method	Payment method
payment methods	Payment methods
plain	plain
postal code	ZIP code
price	price
price list	price list
pricing	Pricing
QR code and barcode scanning	QR and barcode scanning
qty	qty
receipt	receipt
rename	Rename
sales income	sales income
scan product barcodes into description field	scan product barcodes into description field
set API key	Set API key
settings	Settings
shows how many of each denomination to return	shows how many of each denomination to return
software license payments	software license payments
some	some
stall	stall
state	state
strike compatible	Strike compatible
subtotal	subtotal
subtotal: #	subtotal: #
switch account	Switch account
tax	tax
tax id	taxpayer identification number
tax included	tax included
terms of sale	terms of sale
textures	textures
theme	Theme
themes	Themes
tradfi	TradFi
valid from	valid from
valid till	valid till
wallet	wallet
wallets	wallets
when new orders arrive	when new orders arrive
Would you like cash back?	Would you like cash back?
Would you like money back?	Would you like money back?
